Remove repo count from the Explore page (#11113)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Forks and archived repositories at a specific commit are searched without the need to specify "fork:yes" or "archived:yes" in the query. [#10864](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/10864)
- The git history for binary files is now correctly shown. [#11034](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/11034)
- Links to AWS Code Commit repositories have been fixed after the URL schema has been changed. [#11019](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/11019)

> - Links to view all repositories will now always appear on the Explore page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Links to view all repositories will now always appear on the Explore page. [#11113](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/11113)
```

> - Links to view all repositories will now always appear on the Explore page. [#11113](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/11113)

Author: ```suggestion
- A link to view all repositories will now always appear on the Explore page. [#11113](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/11113)
```
